(upbeat music)
- [Instructor] It's time for the first challenge
where you will build a definition file
for the API that powers the H Plus Sport Company's blog.
To complete the challenge,
you must create a new API definition file
that exposes a single path used to access
an array of articles.
The array returned by the end point is used to populate
the list of articles found on the front page of the blog.
Before you dive in, let me give you a hint.
Start out by inspecting the H Plus Sport blog
to determine the properties required
for an article schema object.
At a quick glance,
I would recommend adding properties for the created date,
tagline, content, category, and tags.
This challenge should take you about 10 minutes to complete.
In the next video, I'll show you how I solved the challenge.
Good luck.